Added the Data Management Plan for Funding Agencies (#253)
northeastern-rc/rc-public-documentation: docs/source/welcome/index.md

services
gettinghelp
maintenance
language-for-grants
```

> Our high-performance computing (HPC) resources are available to the Northeastern University research community. The cluster is in the Massachusetts Green HPC Center (MGHPCC) in Holyoke, MA. MGHPCC is a 90,000 square food, 15-megawatt research computing and data center facility that houses computing resources for five institutions: Northeastern University, Boston University, Harvard University, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), and the University of Massachesetts (UMass).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our high-performance computing (HPC) resources are available to the Northeastern University research community. The cluster is in the Massachusetts Green HPC Center (MGHPCC) in Holyoke, MA. MGHPCC is a 90,000 square foot, 15-megawatt research computing and data center facility that houses computing resources for five institutions: Northeastern University, Boston University, Harvard University, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), and the University of Massachusetts (UMass).
```
